Readme.md, before:

#HelveticaLove theme for TaskPaper for Mac

A nice clean [Taskpaper](http://www.hogbaysoftware.com/products/taskpaper) for Mac theme based on the Helvetica font. The theme has some styles triggered by specific tags:

- @priority, @prio, @today: Will color the task red
- @personal, @private, @prive: Will color the task blue
- @business: Will color the task green
- @done: Will draw a nice line through the task

#Screenshot

![HelviticaLove Theme screenshot](https://github.com/mac-cain13/HelveticaLove/raw/master/screenshot.png "HelviticaLove Theme")

#Installation

- Quit Taskpaper
- Open `~/Library/Application Support/TaskPaper/Themes` in Finder
- Copy the `HelviticaLove.taskpapertheme` into the folder you just opened
- Start Taskpaper, go to Preferences..., look for "Theme Options" and select "HelveticaLove"

#Related stuff
- [Taskpaper wiki on HelveticaLove](http://www.hogbaysoftware.com/wiki/HelviticaLove)
- HelveticaLove spinoff [DarkVetica](https://github.com/marshallmick007/DarkVetica)

Commit message:

Instructions how to use the installer

Readme.md, after:

#HelveticaLove theme for TaskPaper for Mac

A nice clean [Taskpaper](http://www.hogbaysoftware.com/products/taskpaper) for Mac theme based on the Helvetica font. The theme has some styles triggered by specific tags:

- @priority, @prio, @today: Will color the task red
- @personal, @private, @prive: Will color the task blue
- @business: Will color the task green
- @done: Will draw a nice line through the task

#Screenshot

![HelviticaLove Theme screenshot](https://github.com/mac-cain13/HelveticaLove/raw/master/screenshot.png "HelviticaLove Theme")

#Installation

- Quit Taskpaper
- Launch the `TaskpaperThemeInstaller.app`
- Select the theme you want to install (works with any Taskpaper theme)
- Start Taskpaper, go to Preferences..., look for "Theme Options" and select "HelveticaLove"

If you don't want to use the installer:
- Quit Taskpaper
- Open `~/Library/Application Support/TaskPaper/Themes` in Finder
- Copy the `HelviticaLove.taskpapertheme` into the folder you just opened
- Start Taskpaper, go to Preferences..., look for "Theme Options" and select "HelveticaLove"

#Related stuff
- [Taskpaper wiki on HelveticaLove](http://www.hogbaysoftware.com/wiki/HelviticaLove)
- HelveticaLove spinoff [DarkVetica](https://github.com/marshallmick007/DarkVetica)
